group-agreement.md, before:

# Group Agreement

#Conflict Plan
Our group agrees to resolve, conflicts in the following manner:
	We will address conflicts as a group regardless if the conflict arises between two individuals. 

We will voice our concerns as they arise.

At every standup, we will query the members of the group about any issues or any problems that are occurring and address them at that point. 

We will confront the individual(s) directly in an open, respectful manner separate from the group. 

We agree to own our mistakes and to inform the group immediately. The group will not judge or assign blame. 

If the conflict veers towards personal attacks and is not about the work or we are unable to resolve the issues as group or as individuals, we agree to stop group conflict resolution attempts and get the instructors involved to help resolve the issues. 

We agree that we will work after hours, if an individual decides to work after hours that is on a volunteer basis if we do not meet the end goals for that day;

#Communication Plan
How will you communicate after hours and on the weekend? 
    We will be using our Slack group channel for communication in and outside of class.

What is your strategy for ensuring everyone's voices are heard?         Utilizing standups (Everybody talks during standup). 

How will you ensure that you are creating a safe environment where everyone feels comfortable speaking up? 
    We agree to communicated in a respectful manner and listen to everyone’s idea. 


#Teams

#Code Review Team
Mike
Mark

#Task Team
Matt
Tia

#Animation Team
Mob

#Layout Team
Tia

#Content Team
Mob

#Functionality Team
Mike

Commit message:

Update group conflict plan to address a missing and/or unreachable group memeber.

group-agreement.md, after:

# Group Agreement

#Conflict Plan
Our group agrees to resolve, conflicts in the following manner:
	We will address conflicts as a group regardless if the conflict arises between two individuals. 

We will voice our concerns as they arise.

At every standup, we will query the members of the group about any issues or any problems that are occurring and address them at that point. 

We will confront the individual(s) directly in an open, respectful manner separate from the group. 

We agree to own our mistakes and to inform the group immediately. The group will not judge or assign blame. 

If the conflict veers towards personal attacks and is not about the work or we are unable to resolve the issues as group or as individuals, we agree to stop group conflict resolution attempts and get the instructors involved to help resolve the issues. 

We agree that we will work after hours, if an individual decides to work after hours that is on a volunteer basis if we do not meet the end goals for that day;

If a group member is missing, out of contact with the group, fails to show up to class, the group will make a best effor to contact that memeber but will continue with work. Upon rejoining the group, the aforementioned member will assume resonsibility to fingure out what aspects of the project they can contribute to by referenceing the project todo tasks listed in the group project trello page.

#Communication Plan
How will you communicate after hours and on the weekend? 
    We will be using our Slack group channel for communication in and outside of class.

What is your strategy for ensuring everyone's voices are heard?         Utilizing standups (Everybody talks during standup). 

How will you ensure that you are creating a safe environment where everyone feels comfortable speaking up? 
    We agree to communicated in a respectful manner and listen to everyone’s idea. 


#Teams

#Code Review Team
Mike
Mark

#Task Team
Matt
Tia

#Animation Team
Mob

#Layout Team
Tia

#Content Team
Mob

#Functionality Team
Mike
