user-stories.md, before:

##User Stories and MVP

Developer
1.	As a member of the development team, I want the decks to be organized in a data structure so that I can group the information. 
2.	As a member of the development team, I want each card to be organized in an object so that I can easily group all the information that pertains to each individual card. 
3.	As a developer, I would like to include animations so that I can showcase my animation skills.
4.	As a developer I want to meet the requirements of the project!!!
5.	As a developer I want to use grid for overall layout and flexbox for small, inner elements styles so that application will be responsive. 

User  - match game user stories
1.	As a user of the application, I want to play game with a singular game topic [JavaScript] so that I can have a simple game experience. 
2.	As a user, I want the memory-match topics to be about HTML, CSS and JavaScript so that I can learn about programming. 
3.	As a user, I want my final quiz results displayed so I can visualize the results. 
4.	As a user, I want to be able to change game settings from the index page so I can modify the game rules in the memory-match page. 
5.	As a user I want to be able to start the game by hitting a start button which redirects me to the memory-match game page so that I can play the game
6.	As a user I want to be able to hit a reset button so that I can restart the game as I please 
7.	As a user I want to be able to click on a card to make it flip so I can read the code on the back
8.	As a user, I want to be able to click a face fronting card again to flip it back to it’s down facing position so that I may look at another card 
9.	As a user, I want to be able to click a card, and then click a different card so that they can be compared 
10.	As a user, I want matched cards to be rendered inactive from the game so that I cannot select them again.
11.	As a user, I want to be able to navigate back to the home page from the game page so I am not stuck only playing the game 
12.	As a user, I want to be able to navigate to the about-us page so that I can read about who developed the website
13.	As a user, I want to be able to navigate from the about-us page to the index.html(home) page so that I can play the game.
14.	As a user, I want to see two navigation options in the game-conclusion alert box/pop window which are “See Results” and “Reset” game. 
15.	As a user, I want to be able to click on the reset game button which will reset the game so I can play again. 
16.	As a user, I want to be able to click on the “See Results” button and be taken back to the index.html page and see my results.
17.	As a user, I want to see the number of correct answers and the number of incorrect answers in my results. 
18.	As a user, I want to be able to navigate to the about-me.html page and see a list of the member of the programming team. 
19.	As a user, I want see active github and linkedin links that will redirect the user to each of the individual members accounts.
20.	As a developer I want to the results to persist between pages so the information is stored in local storage so I can access the information on other pages within the application.
21.	As a developer I want to see a unified style and color scheme  so the site is visually pleasurable to look at.


##Stretch Goals

Stretch Goals: [Listed from easiest to more difficult]
1.	As a user of the game, I want to input my name so that the site is more personal
2.	As a user, I want my final quiz results displayed in a chart so I can visualize the data
3.	As a game user I want to be able to change the topic so I can learn additional topics 
4.	As a user I want to be able to change the card decorations so that I can interact with the site more.
5.	As a developer, I want a to be able to change the color theme so that I can 
change the colors so I can showcase my programming skills.
6.	As a user, I want to see a timer which tracks the amount of time it took me to play the game. 
7.	As user of the application, I want to select my difficulty and number of cards in play so that I can change the difficulty of the game. 
8.	As a developer I want to add animations and visual effects to the website so the site is nice to interact with.

Commit message:

added user story for shuffle

user-stories.md, after:

##User Stories and MVP

Developer
1.	As a member of the development team, I want the decks to be organized in a data structure so that I can group the information. 
2.	As a member of the development team, I want each card to be organized in an object so that I can easily group all the information that pertains to each individual card. 
3.	As a developer, I would like to include animations so that I can showcase my animation skills.
4.	As a developer I want to meet the requirements of the project!!!
5.	As a developer I want to use grid for overall layout and flexbox for small, inner elements styles so that application will be responsive. 
6.	As a developer I want to the results to persist between pages so the information is stored in local storage so I can access the information on other pages within the application.
7.	As a developer I want to see a unified style and color scheme  so the site is visually pleasurable to look at.

User  - match game user stories
1.	As a user of the application, I want to play game with a singular game topic [JavaScript] so that I can have a simple game experience. 
2.	As a user, I want the memory-match topics to be about HTML, CSS and JavaScript so that I can learn about programming. 
3.	As a user, I want my final quiz results displayed so I can visualize the results. 
4.	As a user, I want to be able to change game settings from the index page so I can modify the game rules in the memory-match page. 
5.	As a user I want to be able to start the game by hitting a start button which redirects me to the memory-match game page so that I can play the game
6.	As a user I want to be able to hit a reset button so that I can restart the game as I please 
7.	As a user I want to be able to click on a card to make it flip so I can read the code on the back
8.	As a user, I want to be able to click a face fronting card again to flip it back to it’s down facing position so that I may look at another card 
9.	As a user, I want to be able to click a card, and then click a different card so that they can be compared 
10.	As a user, I want matched cards to be rendered inactive from the game so that I cannot select them again.
11.	As a user, I want to be able to navigate back to the home page from the game page so I am not stuck only playing the game 
12.	As a user, I want to be able to navigate to the about-us page so that I can read about who developed the website
13.	As a user, I want to be able to navigate from the about-us page to the index.html(home) page so that I can play the game.
14.	As a user, I want to see two navigation options in the game-conclusion alert box/pop window which are “See Results” and “Reset” game. 
15.	As a user, I want to be able to click on the reset game button which will reset the game so I can play again. 
16.	As a user, I want to be able to click on the “See Results” button and be taken back to the index.html page and see my results.
17.	As a user, I want to see the number of correct answers and the number of incorrect answers in my results. 
18.	As a user, I want to be able to navigate to the about-me.html page and see a list of the member of the programming team. 
19.	As a user, I want see active github and linkedin links that will redirect the user to each of the individual members accounts.
20.	As a user, I want to have the cards be shuffled when I go to replay the game.


##Stretch Goals

Stretch Goals: [Listed from easiest to more difficult]
1.	As a user of the game, I want to input my name so that the site is more personal
2.	As a user, I want my final quiz results displayed in a chart so I can visualize the data
3.	As a game user I want to be able to change the topic so I can learn additional topics 
4.	As a user I want to be able to change the card decorations so that I can interact with the site more.
5.	As a developer, I want a to be able to change the color theme so that I can 
change the colors so I can showcase my programming skills.
6.	As a user, I want to see a timer which tracks the amount of time it took me to play the game. 
7.	As user of the application, I want to select my difficulty and number of cards in play so that I can change the difficulty of the game. 
8.	As a developer I want to add animations and visual effects to the website so the site is nice to interact with.
